

EXTERNAL: This email originated from outside of the organization.

Dear Geeseok,

I hope you are doing well.

Please accept my apologies for the delayed response. Our team has been extremely busy lately navigating the market volatility following the recent Iran conflict.

It is great to hear that you and your boss will be visiting Thailand in late May. We would be delighted to meet you in person, and I look forward to seeing you soon.

Regarding your inquiry, we currently hold approximately 16,000 shares in
DRNZ. Please note that our final allocation remains subject to the prevailing AUM of our fund as investors continue to subscribe or redeem.

Have a good evening, and we will be in touch to coordinate the meeting as the date approaches.

Best regards,

 

Sitchai Patthmarat

Assistant Fund Manager

Asset Plus Fund Management Co., Ltd.

Tel: +66 2672 1007

  

 

 

 

From: Geeseok Oh <goh@rexfin.com>

Sent: March 10, 2026 3:53 PM

To: Grace Tse <gtse@rexfin.com>; Sitchai Patthmarat <sitchai_pa@assetfund.co.th>

Subject: Re: Asset Balance Request from REX Shares as of 28 Feb

 

Hi Sitchai,

 

If it is possible, can you share the number of shares your team is investing in DRNZ? That would be extremely helpful for me. 

 

In the meantime, it will be likely that me and my boss at REX will visit Thailand on late May, Hope to meet you in person!

 

Have a good evening and looking forward to hearing from you soon. 

 

Best regards

 

 Francis Geeseok OH 吳
起錫 | Head of Asia Business Development

 REX Financial

 goh@rexfin.com

 +862 6795 8700 | rexfin.com

 Miami + Connecticut

 

Francis Geeseok Oh provides services through REX Services, LLC.

Disclaimer

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not the recipient, you are hereby notified that any
 disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.

This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by Mimecast, a leader in email security and cyber resilience. Mimecast integrates email defenses with brand protection, security awareness training, web security,
 compliance and other essential capabilities. Mimecast helps protect large and small organizations from malicious activity, human error and technology failure; and to lead the movement toward building a more resilient world. To find out more, visit our website.

 

From: Grace Tse <gtse@rexfin.com>

Sent: Tuesday, March 3, 2026 4:42 PM

To: Sitchai Patthmarat <sitchai_pa@assetfund.co.th>

Cc: Geeseok Oh <goh@rexfin.com>

Subject: Asset Balance Request from REX Shares as of 28 Feb 

 

Hi Sitchai,

 

Can we have the number of shares invest in or investment amount as of last month end (Feb)  -of our ETF DRNZ for record?

 

Thanks in advance!

 

 

 Grace Tse, VP, Business  Operation

 REX Financial

 gtse@rexfin.com

Tel: +852 2436 6322 

Rexfin.com

 Miami + Connecticut

  

 

 

Disclaimer

The information contained in this communication from the sender is confidential. It is intended solely for use by the recipient and others authorized to receive it. If you are not
 the recipient, you are hereby notified that any disclosure, copying, distribution or taking action in relation of the contents of this information is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful.

This email has been scanned for viruses and malware, and may have been automatically archived by Mimecast, a leader in email security and cyber resilience. Mimecast integrates email defenses with brand protection, security awareness training, web security,
 compliance and other essential capabilities. Mimecast helps protect large and small organizations from malicious activity, human error and technology failure; and to lead the movement toward building a more resilient world. To find out more, visit our website.

